CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Welcome!

We're so glad you're thinking about contributing to an 18F open source project!
If you're unsure about anything, just ask -- or submit the issue or pull
request anyway. The worst that can happen is you'll be politely asked to
change something. We love all friendly contributions.

We want to ensure a welcoming environment for all of our projects. Our staff
follow the [18F Code of Conduct](https://github.com/18F/code-of-conduct/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md)
and all contributors should do the same.

We encourage you to read this project's CONTRIBUTING policy (you are here), its
[LICENSE](LICENSE.md), and its [README](README.md).

If you have any questions or want to read more, check out the
[18F Open Source Policy GitHub repository](https://github.com/18f/open-source-policy),
or just [shoot us an email](mailto:18f@gsa.gov).

## Contributing

We take contributions via Github pull requests into this repo. In order to
create a pull request, you should first fork this repo into your own
organization or user account.

Make your changes to `src/index.js`. If you're changing or adding behaviors,
modify or add tests to `index.test.js`. Run your tests with `npm test`. Once
your changes are finished and all tests pass, rebuild with `npm run build`,
which will update `bin/index.js`. Commit all your changes and push them to
your fork and open a pull request into this repo.

When you open your pull request, please tell us a little about what you're
changing or adding so we can know what we're looking at. Someone from the
18F team will have to review the pull request before we can merge it which
might take a little while - please be patient with us!

## Public domain

This project is in the public domain within the United States, and
copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through
the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0
dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply
with this waiver of copyright interest.

Commit message:

light refactor; update tests to cover more edge cases; remove build step and drop support for old Node versions

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Welcome!

We're so glad you're thinking about contributing to an 18F open source project!
If you're unsure about anything, just ask -- or submit the issue or pull
request anyway. The worst that can happen is you'll be politely asked to
change something. We love all friendly contributions.

We want to ensure a welcoming environment for all of our projects. Our staff
follow the [18F Code of Conduct](https://github.com/18F/code-of-conduct/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md)
and all contributors should do the same.

We encourage you to read this project's CONTRIBUTING policy (you are here), its
[LICENSE](LICENSE.md), and its [README](README.md).

If you have any questions or want to read more, check out the
[18F Open Source Policy GitHub repository](https://github.com/18f/open-source-policy),
or just [shoot us an email](mailto:18f@gsa.gov).

## Contributing

We take contributions via Github pull requests into this repo. In order to
create a pull request, you should first fork this repo into your own
organization or user account.

Make your changes to `index.js`. If you're changing or adding behaviors, modify
or add tests to `index.test.js`. Run your tests with `npm test`. Once your
changes are finished and all tests pass, commit all your changes and push them
to your fork and open a pull request into this repo. Be sure to update
`package.json` to add yourself to the list of contributors if you want!

When you open your pull request, please tell us a little about what you're
changing or adding so we can know what we're looking at. Someone from the
18F team will have to review the pull request before we can merge it which
might take a little while - please be patient with us!

## Public domain

This project is in the public domain within the United States, and
copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through
the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0
dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply
with this waiver of copyright interest.
